Grandpa can't win the championship for what happened the night before last
Fang Chen was Wang Tian who drugged me
Please shut up.
Xiaoming beat him up for me
The little yakuza has long been unhappy with you
See if I don't teach a lesson?
Ah my arm you
Something big happened to the veteran
Suitable for other financial problems
Not to mention the market value of 51
About 1 million on the books
The debt is not enough
Foreign debt is not repaid
Now the company is an empty shell
Pay to chop 51
No wonder he gave the group to him.
This is digging a hole for us to jump in.
Is there any way?
I can't find it.
Phone number is empty
Grandpa grandpa
It's all your fault
Offended Wang Tian
otherwise
This kind of thing won't fall into my little home